README.md, before:

# My User Scripts

Welcome to my personal collection of userscripts. Here you will find useful scripts to enhance your web browsing experience.

## Script List

| Script Name            | Description                                                | Link                                                                                                                        |
| ---------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Scribd Free Reader** | Read Scribd documents for free by converting to embed URL. | [Repo](./scripts/scribd-free-reader/README.md) • [Greasy Fork](https://greasyfork.org/vi/scripts/566374-scribd-free-reader) |

## General Instructions

To use these scripts, you need to install a userscript manager on your browser:

- **Chrome/Edge/Firefox/Safari**: [Tampermonkey](https://www.tampermonkey.net/)
- **Firefox/Chrome**: [Violentmonkey](https://violentmonkey.github.io/) or [Greasemonkey](https://www.greasespot.net/)

## Installation

Visit each script's folder for detailed installation instructions.

Commit message:

feat(ai-optimizer): add clean prompt optimizer script

README.md, after:

# My User Scripts

Welcome to my personal collection of userscripts. Here you will find useful scripts to enhance your web browsing experience.

## Script List

| Script Name             | Description                                                | Link                                                                                                                        |
| ----------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Scribd Free Reader**  | Read Scribd documents for free by converting to embed URL. | [Repo](./scripts/scribd-free-reader/README.md) • [Greasy Fork](https://greasyfork.org/vi/scripts/566374-scribd-free-reader) |
| **AI Prompt Optimizer** | Wrap prompts with an expert persona template.              | [Repo](./scripts/ai-prompt-optimizer/README.md)                                                                             |

## General Instructions

To use these scripts, you need to install a userscript manager on your browser:

- **Chrome/Edge/Firefox/Safari**: [Tampermonkey](https://www.tampermonkey.net/)
- **Firefox/Chrome**: [Violentmonkey](https://violentmonkey.github.io/) or [Greasemonkey](https://www.greasespot.net/)

## Installation

Visit each script's folder for detailed installation instructions.
