scripts/ai-prompt-optimizer/README.md, before:

# AI Prompt Optimizer

<div align="center">
  <!-- Placeholder for Logo -->
  <h1>AI Prompt Optimizer</h1>
</div>

## Introduction

**AI Prompt Optimizer** is a powerful userscript that uses **Groq's Llama 3.3 70B** model to instantly rewrite specific prompts into professional, high-quality instructions for LLMs.

## Features

- **Powered by Groq**: Uses Llama 3.3 70B Versatile for state-of-the-art prompt engineering.
- **One-Click Optimization**: Instantly rewrites your prompt in the chat input.
- **Multi-Platform Support**: Works on ChatGPT, Claude, Gemini, and Perplexity.
- **Secure**: Your API Key is stored locally in your browser (Tampermonkey storage).

## Installation

1. Install [Tampermonkey](https://www.tampermonkey.net/) or [Violentmonkey](https://violentmonkey.github.io/).
2. [Install the Script Here](./ai-prompt-optimizer.user.js).

## Setup (First Time)

1. Get a **Free API Key** from [Groq Console](https://console.groq.com/keys).
2. Go to any supported chat site (e.g., ChatGPT).
3. Click the **⚙️ (Settings)** icon next to the "Optimize" button.
4. Paste your API Key and click **Save**.

## Usage

1. Type a basic prompt (e.g., "explain relativity").
2. Click **✨ Optimize**.
3. Watch as the script replaces your text with a detailed, expert-level prompt.
4. Send!

## Author

Created by [htrnguyen](https://github.com/htrnguyen).

Commit message:

feat(ai-optimizer): v3.0 UI/UX improvements (dynamic button, preview modal)

scripts/ai-prompt-optimizer/README.md, after:

# AI Prompt Optimizer

<div align="center">
  <h1>✨ AI Prompt Optimizer</h1>
</div>

## Introduction

**AI Prompt Optimizer** helps you write professional LLM prompts instantly. It uses **Groq's Llama 3.3 70B** model to rewrite your ideas into clear, effective instructions.

## Key Features (v3.0)

- **⚡ Smart Integration**: Optimize button (✨) automatically attaches to the chat input on ChatGPT, Claude, Perplexity, and Gemini.
- **👁️ Preview & Confirm**: Review the changes before applying them.
- **🔄 Auto-Regenerate**: Not satisfied? Click regenerate to get a new version instantly.
- **⚙️ Powered by Groq**: High-speed, high-quality prompt engineering.

## Supported Platforms

| Platform       | Status       |
| :------------- | :----------- |
| **ChatGPT**    | ✅ Optimized |
| **Claude.ai**  | ✅ Optimized |
| **Perplexity** | ✅ Optimized |
| **Gemini**     | ✅ Optimized |

## Setup

1. Install [Tampermonkey](https://www.tampermonkey.net/).
2. [Install the Script Here](./ai-prompt-optimizer.user.js).
3. Get a **Free API Key** from [Groq Console](https://console.groq.com/keys).
4. Click the **⚙️** icon near the input box to save your key.

## Usage

1. Type a draft prompt (e.g. _help me code a python snake game_).
2. Click **✨**.
3. A preview window will appear showing the professional version.
4. Click **Apply** to replace your text, or **Regenerate** for another variation.

## Author

Created by [htrnguyen](https://github.com/htrnguyen).
